{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid10559938}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\author Curran}
{\operator Curran}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy22\hr14\min48}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy22\hr14\min49}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords766}{\nofchars4370}{\nofcharsws5126}{\vern16437}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale150\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot10559938 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10559938 Curran Kelleher\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 9/21/05
\par Radical design: HW 2 }{\insrsid10559938 \endash }{\insrsid10559938  }{\insrsid10559938 critical review}{\insrsid10559938 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs28\ul\insrsid10559938 Criticism of Shower Heads}{\insrsid10559938 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid10559938 
\par \tab A descent shower head is hard to come by. You\rquote d think that it wouldn\rquote t be hard to come up wit
h a descent design for a shower head, but so many shower heads on the market and in widespread use are designed poorly and give a bad showering experience. To be a good shower head, the design must incorporate many aspects of the way the water comes out o
f them. These include: speed, volume, spread angle, and pattern. Beyond these factors, the fundamental concept of the shower head has limitations
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid10559938 Speed}{\insrsid10559938 
\par \tab All too often, the water comes out of the shower head too fast. This leads to pain, and thus restricts 
the user from certain positions (such as putting the face directly under the shower head). This situation forces the user to be constantly paranoid about how they can stand, and usually frustrated because they are forced to come up with new ways of doing 
things that a shower should let you do; such as rinsing off your face.
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid10559938 
Such a showering environment in extreme cases could possibly create negative psychological effects. The user may become fearful of taking a shower and dread waking up to that shower head
 every day, which may cause anxiety. This shower at the start of the day might ruin one\rquote 
s entire day, contributing to a case of depression. If someone is an irritable person, this bad shower may make the person angry, which could carry throughout the day.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid10559938 
\par }{\b\insrsid10559938 Volume}{\insrsid10559938 
\par \tab More often than not, shower heads yield an inadequate volume of water. This is usually compensated for by increasing the speed at which the water comes out. If the speed is too high and the volume is too low, there are many problems (including the
 ones mentioned above). An additional problem here is temperature. In this situation, the water\rquote 
s temperature near the shower head is dramatically warmer than the water farther away from it (it is not quite so noticable the the volume is adequate, so only 
becomes a problem whenthe volume is too low). This leads the user to overcompensate by turning the temperature very high so that the middle region of the spray (that hits most of your body) is the right temperature. Then the water at the top is way too ho
t
, so when the user rinses the head or face, it is uncomfortably hot or may even burn. At the same time, the lower half of the body is always being sprayed with a small volume of fast moving water that is relatively cold. This leads to an uncomfortably col
d lower body.
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid10559938 Spread Angle}{\insrsid10559938 
\par \tab The angle at which the water is spread out is also important. The angle must be wide enough to sufficiently cover your body. If it is too narrow, portions of your body that are not getting hit directly by the shower stream get c
old, and you need to constantly be moving around in order to get sufficiently rinsed. This creates an unpleasant showering situation as well. Some shower heads advertise many great things, but have a restricted spread angle, which makes them horrible show
er heads.
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid10559938 Usages}{\insrsid10559938 
\par \tab Large institutions that have showers tend to use the cheapest possible shower heads that last the longest. The cheapest ones that last the longest are usually simply designed and made out of metal. Most shower heads at large institutions 
that I have had experience with are very poor. The water comes out too fast and is painful. The hottest temperature possible is not hot enough to compensate for the lost temperature of the water as it is falling through the air, so it is always not warm e
nough. The spread angle is too small, so the water does never hits your whole body.
\par \tab Home shower heads are almost always usable, because otherwise it would be replaced by a new one. Usable, but not necessarily really good. Really good shower heads are extre
mely expensive because they require more effort to engineer and manufacture. They are not worth the money to most people, because it is still just a shower head.
\par \tab Shower heads at fancy hotels are usually pretty nice, and have all of the aforementioned fact
ors accounted for. What I have noticed is that this quality necessitates a much more complex design. Is this complexity really necessary? Also, in the end, it is still only a shower head.
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid10559938 Fundamental Problems}{\insrsid10559938 
\par \tab The very idea of a shower head implicates tha
t water will be coming out of it and showering down. This means that the water is coming out of a small spot and expanding as it falls, being pretty much a cone. This limitation to a cone has many problems in itself. It means that towards the top of the s
h
ower, the water will be most dense and in a small region of space; and towards the bottom of the cone, the water will be much less dense and occupy more space, and most likely cooler than the top. This means that the water temperature and density cannot b
e
 evenly distributed onto the person taking the shower. Is this a big problem? No, it is not, otherwide shower heads would be different. It is however a fundamental limitation to what is possible with shower heads. In order to go beyong this fundamental li
mitation to a cone of water, a new design is necessary at the fundamental level.
\par }}