{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 
\additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4330533\rsid4617661\rsid4659690\rsid6775699\rsid8996895\rsid11283313
\rsid14366951}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\author Curran}{\operator Curran}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy28\hr16\min8}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy29\hr19\min30}{\version4}{\edmins63}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1071}{\nofchars6109}{\nofcharsws7166}
{\vern16437}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot4330533 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid6775699 Curran Kelleher\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 9/28/05
\par Radical Design - User Manuals
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid6775699\charrsid4330533 Contents}{\insrsid6775699 : One page user manuals on:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1080\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1080\faauto\rin0\lin1080\itap0 {\insrsid6775699 1.) Affinity Diagrams
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1080\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1080\itap0 {\insrsid6775699 2.) Cognitive Maps
\par 3.) Cultural Probes
\par 4.) Behavior Sampling
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1080\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1080\itap0\pararsid4330533 {\insrsid6775699 5.) }{\insrsid14366951 Bodystorming}{\insrsid6775699 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid6775699 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid6775699 Affinity Diagrams}{\insrsid6775699 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid6775699 
An affinity diagramming is a process or method by which many ideas or pieces of data are created and/or organized into categories or groups by a team of people. It is typically used for generating ideas to solve a particular problem.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid6775699 \tab The process requires 
a team of people, preferably of four to six people who are each very experienced and knowledgeable in different areas. The team must first have a goal to reach or problem to solve and discuss the situation thoroughly so as to make sure everyone has a clea
r
 view of what needs to be done. Then there is a brainstorming or idea-generation period in which various ideas are discussed. During this period, everyone writes down ideas on post-it notes. Every idea goes on a separate note, and the notes must clearly e
x
press a whole concept (not just a single word for example). After a while, the post-it notes are posted on the wall in random places. Then there is a sorting phase, in which everyone moves the notes toward other cards that have ideas that may go together 
somehow, and organize them into groups. No one talks during this period, so as not to interfere with how other people move things. After a while of this, groups and subgroups become well defined. }{\insrsid4330533 When groups can clearly be seen}{
\insrsid6775699 , header and subheader cards are created to give a concise title to the different groups and subgroups. After all of this, lines are drawn between heade}{\insrsid4330533 rs to form the affinity diagram.}{\insrsid6775699  }{\insrsid4330533 
The end result }{\insrsid6775699 is a typical diagram of organization.
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid6775699 Cognitive Maps}{\insrsid6775699 
\par \tab Cognitive maps are basically internal}{\insrsid4330533  (in the mind)}{\insrsid6775699  representations or models of outside things. These \'93maps\'94 are usually built up from experience, but they can a}{\insrsid4330533 
lso be imparted by other humans.}{\insrsid6775699 
\par \tab For example, after walking the same route every day, you get to know the route pretty well, including relative distances, landmarks, etc. This \'93knowing\'94
 is the cognitive map. After walking this route so many times, an internal representation of the route is built up and is pretty accurate.}{\insrsid4330533  Based on landmarks, one can judge where they are on thei
r internal map, and thus where they are in physical space.}{\insrsid6775699 
\par \tab The ability to read maps (cartographic maps) is really the ability translate an abstract representation of physical space (the map you are reading) to an internal map (cognitive map) of physical space, which can then be directly co}{\insrsid4659690 
mpared to actual physical space.}{\insrsid6775699 
\par \tab Cognitive maps are not limited to the special realm, they are used in all kinds of human activities. One kind of cognitive map }{\insrsid4659690 could be a}{\insrsid6775699  mental representation of how ideas and concepts are interrelated}{
\insrsid11283313 , a map of knowledge}{\insrsid6775699 . A pictorial representation of these kinds of cognitive maps or any set of interrelated concepts is termed a concept map.}{\insrsid11283313 
\par \tab }{\insrsid4659690 
\par }{\insrsid6775699 
\par }{\b\insrsid6775699 Cultural Probes}{\insrsid6775699 
\par \tab Cultural probes are used to do ethnographic studies in a relatively non-invasi
ve way. Traditionally, these kinds of studies are done by following someone of a group of people around and recording everything they do. This is pretty invasive, and does not work well with some kinds of people. The goal of cultural probes is to accompli
sh the same thing by providing the person(s) being studied means of self-documenting, then collecting that documentation after a period of time.}{\insrsid11283313 
 For example, a cultural probe package may contain a camera, a notebook, a voice recorder, and other things that could be used to self-document.}{\insrsid6775699 
 This has several main advantages; it makes the process less invasive, and it provides information about what the person being studied is thinking and feeling instead of only factual information.
\par \tab Cultural probing can be appl
ied in the design process as a means to learn more about the people and environment at which your design is targeted. For example, in designing a computer support system to assist people who are disabled, elderly, or former }{\insrsid11283313 psychiatric}
{\insrsid6775699  patients, conventional methods of ethnography such as direct observation of people is very invasi}{\insrsid11283313 ve, and sometimes inappropriate.}{\insrsid6775699  }{\insrsid11283313 C}{\insrsid6775699 ultural probes were used instead
}{\insrsid11283313 . (5)}{\insrsid6775699 
\par }{\insrsid11283313 \tab }{\insrsid8996895 The idea of cu}{\insrsid11283313 ltural probing }{\insrsid8996895 can be used to not only learn about a person\rquote 
s environment, but to let the probee make suggestions about what you are designing. This effectively distributes the design process, which may be very useful to any designer.}{\insrsid11283313 
\par }{\insrsid6775699 
\par }{\b\insrsid6775699 Behavior Sampling}{\insrsid6775699 
\par \tab Behavior sampling is when behavior of a sample population is studied by means of observing the behavior of many single individuals. This is a common method in all behavioral studies, such as studies of animals, psychology, and neuroscience.
\par \tab Behavioral sampling is broken down into two methods: 1.) Focal-Animal sampl
ing - individuals are monitored continuously for a period of time. 2.) Spot Sampling - sample the behavior of individuals at random times throughout the study. Spot sampling is used often in anthropological studies, and is the basis for most time allocati
on research (researching how much time is spent on a given task on the average). Focal-animal sampling is commonly used in animal behavioral studies.
\par \tab These kinds of methods can be used in the design process to see how your target population will likely respond to your design, or to study how they are behaving with relation to pre-existing designs related to your target.
\par }{\insrsid14366951 
\par }{\b\insrsid14366951\charrsid4617661 Bodystorming
\par }{\insrsid14366951 \tab Often in the design process, it is necessary to have intimate knowledge of how the user interacts with the product. A good way to learn about this is for the designers to actually put themselves into the user\rquote 
s situation and be the user; really try it out. Bodystorming is a term for putting yourself in the user\rquote s position and actually using the thing that you are designing. 
Bodystorming can also be thought of as carrying out the design process being in the position of the user.
\par \tab Bodystorming is useful because it gives the designers a much more intimate knowledge of the context of their product. This is absolutely necessary, otherwise design decisions may have critical flaws }{\insrsid4617661 
that were never even considered until it is too late. For example, one of the factors that contributes to design is how natural it feels to use a product. Bodystorming can be very effective at teaching the designers how \'93natural\'94 or easy the product
 is to use.}{\insrsid14366951 
\par }{\insrsid6775699 \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid6775699 1.) Hom, James. \'93Affinity Diagrams\'94. 2003. }{\ul\cf2\insrsid6775699 
<http://jthom.best.vwh.net/usability/affinity.htm>}{\insrsid6775699 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid6775699 2.) Krafft, Martin f. "Cognitive Maps". October 10, 2002. }{\ul\cf2\insrsid6775699 
<http://www.ifi.unizh.ch/stff/krafft/papers/2001/wayfinding/html/node33.html>}{\insrsid6775699 
\par 
\par 3.) Dagan, Richard. "COGNITIVE MAPPING - Definitions, Examples, and Resources". 2000-2005. }{\ul\cf2\insrsid6775699 <http://intraspec.ca/cogmap.php>}{\insrsid6775699 
\par 
\par 4.) Dix, Alan. "Design Focus: Cultural probes". 2004. }{\ul\cf2\insrsid6775699 <http://www.hcibook.com/e3/casestudy/cultural-probes/>}{\insrsid6775699 
\par 
\par 5.) "Designing with Care: Adapting Cultural Probes to Inform Design in Sensitive Settings". }{\ul\cf2\insrsid6775699 <http://www.equator.ac.uk/var/uploads/Andy%20Crabtree.2003.pdf>
\par 
\par }{\insrsid6775699 6.) Killworth, Peter D. and Bernard, H. Russell. "Sampling in Time Allocation Research". Ethnology, 32:207-215, 1993. <http://www.uni-koeln.de/~alv29/geneva97/TA.html>
\par 
\par }{\ul\cf2\insrsid6775699 
\par }{\insrsid6775699 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}